Add documentation on liveness FAQs to all platforms (#3892)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/connected-components/liveness/faqs.mdx

import { Fragment } from '@/components/Fragment';

## Frequently Asked Questions

The following issues are presented with corresponding troubleshooting steps. Please check them out in case you run into issues like these -- if the remedies don't work, please file an issue in our GitHub repositories.

### Error: Cognito user pool does not allow access to unauthenticated identities

> First, make sure you have followed the [prerequisites for setting up Amplify resources](#step-1-configure-auth). Second, you can also go into the Cognito identity pool configured in your Amplify app, edit it and select the checkbox labeled "Enable access to unauthenticated identities" -- then save the changes. Finally, if using React, ensure that your `aws-exports.js` file exists and is being imported correctly into your app.

Reviewer: @thaddmt Would this error really show if they didn't have `aws-exports`? Seems like you would get the "Auth not configured" error instead?

Reviewer 2: Yeah that's correct. This should probably more be about ensuring that your aws-exports.js or amplify configuration has references to an identtity pool

### Error: Server error - Session not found 

> Ensure that the region you are using to create the liveness session using your backend is the same as the one used within your app to start it. Also ensure that the session ID returned from the backend when creating the session is the same as the one started by the app. Note that whether the liveness check succeeds or fails, a new session is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that the AWS region you are using to create the liveness session using with your backend is the same as the one used within your app.
2. Ensure that the session ID returned from the backend when creating the session is the same as the one started use by the app. Note: session ID's can only be used once. You must create a new session to allow users to retry.
```

> ### Error: AccessDeniedError when calling Rekognition APIs (CreateFaceLivenessSession, etc.)

Reviewer: @tjleing Can you confirm that this is the exact error message you got? We want to make sure this is searchable

Author: error text: "An error occurred (AccessDeniedException) when calling the CreateFaceLivenessSession operation:" (with nothing after the colon).  is `AccessDeniedException` enough to communicate this?

Reviewer: The concern isn't understanding, What I want is for someone to be able to google "An error occurred (AccessDeniedException) when calling the CreateFaceLivenessSession". Can you put the full error message in a code block below just so it's searchable?

Author: can do!

> Make sure you are not using an unsupported region that hasn’t been deployed yet, such as CMH (as of May 2, 2023). A full list appears on the bottom of [this page](https://aws.amazon.com/rekognition/face-liveness/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you are using a supported region. Please refer to [Liveness supported regions](https://aws.amazon.com/rekognition/face-liveness/#FAQs) documentation.
```

### No result when GetFaceLivenessSessionResults is called

> Make sure you are using the same session ID as you created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the session ID returned from the backend when creating the session is the same as the one started use by the app. Note: session ID's can only be used once. You must create a new session to allow users to retry.
```

import { Fragment } from '@/components/Fragment';

## Frequently Asked Questions

The following issues are presented with corresponding troubleshooting steps. Please check them out in case you run into issues like these -- if the remedies don't work, please file an issue in our GitHub repositories.

### Error: Cognito user pool does not allow access to unauthenticated identities

First, make sure you have followed the [prerequisites for setting up Amplify resources](#step-1-configure-auth). Second, you can also go into the Cognito identity pool configured in your Amplify app, edit it and select the checkbox labeled "Enable access to unauthenticated identities" -- then save the changes. Finally, if using React, ensure that your `aws-exports.js` file exists and is being imported correctly into your app.

### Error: Server error - Session not found 

1. Ensure that the AWS region you are using to create the liveness session using with your backend is the same as the one used within your app.

> 2. Ensure that the session ID returned from the backend when creating the session is the same as the one used by the app to start it. Note: session ID's can only be used once. You must create a new session to allow users to retry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ensure that the session ID returned from the backend when creating the session is the same as the one created on initialization of the Liveness UI. Note: session IDs can only be used once. You must create a new session to allow users to retry the Liveness check.
```

### Error: AccessDeniedError when calling Rekognition APIs (CreateFaceLivenessSession, etc.)

Make sure you are using a supported AWS region. Please refer to [Liveness supported regions](https://aws.amazon.com/rekognition/face-liveness/#FAQs) documentation.

### No result when GetFaceLivenessSessionResults is called

> Ensure that the session ID returned from the backend when creating the session is the same as the one started use by the app. Note: session ID's can only be used once. You must create a new session to allow users to retry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the session ID returned from the backend when creating the session is the same as the one created on initialization of the Liveness UI. Note: session IDs can only be used once. You must create a new session to allow users to retry the Liveness check.
```

import { Fragment } from '@/components/Fragment';

## Frequently Asked Questions

The following issues are presented with corresponding troubleshooting steps. Please check them out in case you run into issues like these -- if the remedies don't work, please file an issue in our GitHub repositories.

### Error: Cognito user pool does not allow access to unauthenticated identities

First, make sure you have followed the [prerequisites for setting up Amplify resources](#step-1-configure-auth). Second, you can also go into the Cognito identity pool configured in your Amplify app, edit it and select the checkbox labeled "Enable access to unauthenticated identities" -- then save the changes. Finally, ensure that the configuration file -- `aws-exports.js` on web or `amplifyconfiguration.json` on mobile -- contains the name of the correct identity pool.

### Error: Server error - Session not found 

> 1. Ensure that the AWS region you are using to create the liveness session using with your backend is the same as the one used within your app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that the AWS region you are using to create the liveness session in your backend is the same as the one used within your app.
```
